README.md, before:

# Weekend Challenge - React Gallery

## Description

Duration: A few days of work over a two week period

The project contains a gallery of images. These pictures are of important people or things in my life. Each image has a title, a description and a thumbs-up icon with the number of likes the image has. The width of the gallery maxes out at 3 images wide.

## Preview

![preview](./public/images/preview.png)

## Installation / Setup

1. Clone down this repository. You will need node and npm installed globally on your machine.
2. If you don't already have `nodemon`, install it globally with `npm install nodemon --global`
3. In a terminal window, type `npm install` and then `npm run server`
4. In a new terminal window, type `npm run client`

## Usage

The user can click the thumbs-up icon to add a like the image. If the user clicks on an image, this will change the display of the associated card to show a description of that image. If the user clicks on the description, this will change the display back to the image.

## Built With

- React
- MaterialUI
- Node.js
- Axios

## Reflection

I learned a lot about React props, conditional rendering and Material UI while working on this project and I had a lot of fun putting it all together. Material UI seems like a very easy way to make your projects look a lot better! 

## Acknowledgement

Thanks to Chris Black and Prime Digital Academy for making this possible!

## Support

If you have issues or suggestions, please email me at erichjohnengler@gmail.com

Thanks!

Commit message:

moved data to database for stretch mode. added database.sql file and adjusted readme installation / setup

README.md, after:

# Weekend Challenge - React Gallery

## Description

Duration: A few days of work over a two week period

The project contains a gallery of images. These pictures are of important people or things in my life. Each image has a title, a description and a thumbs-up icon with the number of likes the image has. The width of the gallery maxes out at 3 images wide.

## Preview

![preview](./public/images/preview.png)

## Installation / Setup

1. Clone down this repository. You will need node and npm installed globally on your machine.
2. Create a database named `react_gallery`
3. Create a table and insert values using the information in `database.sql`
4. In a terminal window, type `npm install` and then `npm run server`
5. In a new terminal window, type `npm run client`

## Usage

The user can click the thumbs-up icon to add a like the image. If the user clicks on an image, this will change the display of the associated card to show a description of that image. If the user clicks on the description, this will change the display back to the image.

## Built With

- JavaScript
- React
- MaterialUI
- Node.js
- Axios
- PostgreSQL

## Reflection

I learned a lot about React props, conditional rendering and Material UI while working on this project and I had a lot of fun putting it all together. Material UI seems like a very easy way to make your projects look a lot better! 

## Acknowledgement

Thanks to Chris Black and Prime Digital Academy for making this possible!

## Support

If you have issues or suggestions, please email me at erichjohnengler@gmail.com

Thanks!
